Software Requirement and Specification www.wnndc.com or
www.ndcwesternnorth.com
I have been appointed as a Deputy Election Director for NDC Western North Region. Our first assignment is to superintend over the upcoming Parliamentary Primaries on 24th August, 2019.
We are supposed to furnish the Electoral Commission with list of eligible voters for the primaries. Most often, this list is compiled manually using excel template.
As a matter of urgency, I need a website/database to help me manage the list of the entire executives that are eligible to vote during the upcoming election on 24th of this month.

The main functionalities of the system should include
i. Registration/Adding of
a. Regional Executives,
b. District/Municipal(Constituency) Executives c. Polling Station Executives
(Essential Registration fields: Name*, DOB*, Voter ID No(Can be use as primary key)*, Tel. No*, Constituency*, Polling Station*, Position* Picture etc)
ii. Dashboard for the Nine Constituencies in the Western North Should be created by developer OR Regional administrator. The constituencies are

1. SUAMAN CONSTITUENCY
2. AKONTOMBRA CONSTITUENCY
3. BIA EAST CONSTITUENCY
4. BIA WEST CONSTITUENCY
5. AOWIN CONSTITUENCY
6. BIBIANI ANHWIASO BEKWAI CONSTITUENCY

7. BODI CONSTITUENCY
8. JUABOSO CONSTITUENCY
9. SEFWI WIAWSO CONSTITUENCY
iii. Ability to search, print and export list of entire Constituency Executives or polling station executives. The list should have the ability to be filtered based on many scenarios eg
1. All Constituency Chairmen in Western North
2. All Communication officers within a constituency
3. All Women organizers within a constituency
4. All polling Station executives of eg. Asafo D/C JHS Polling
Station(Code)
iv. Search, print and export reports of list of Constituency Executives,
v. Ability to send bulk message to group of selected executives or entire executives in a constituency.
System Users (Dashboards):
i. Regional Executives(HR)
a. Can create and assign user names and password to system users
b. Can create constituencies
c. Can send bulk message to selected category of executives
d. Can register regional executives
e.
ii. Constituency Executives dashboard
a. Can create and assign user names and password to polling stations
b. Register the constituency executives.
c. CancreatePOLLINGSTATIONSANDTHEIRCODESforthe
constituency
d. Can send bulk message to selected category of executives
within a constituency(This functionality should be disable now but the regional executives can enable it later)

a. Can search, view, print and export list of Constituency Executives or a polling station executives. The list can be filtered based on so many scenarios eg
5. All Polling Station Chairmen
6. All Communication officers within a constituency
7. All Women organizers with a constituency
8. All polling Station executives of eg. Asafo D/C JHS Polling
Station(Code)
iii. Polling station executive dashboard(Only one user(Chairman/ Secretary)per polling station)
a. Can register all polling station executives. Polling Station Executives
are:
1. Chairman
2. Secretary
3. Organiser
4. Treasurer
5. Youth Organiser
6. Women Organiser
7. Communication officer 8. Opted member 1
9. Opted member 2
b. Can view, edit and update the polling station executives list
Note that this website should be ready and running by Saturday 6th July, 2019
